.NET 10 Preview 1 breaking changes batch (#44625)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/windows-forms/10.0/insertadjacentelement-orientation.md

---
title: "Breaking change: Renamed parameter in HtmlElement.InsertAdjacentElement"

> description: Learn about the .NET 10 Preview 1 breaking change in core .NET libraries where the parameter `orient` was renamed to `orientation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the .NET 10 Preview 1 breaking change in Windows Forms where the parameter `orient` was renamed to `orientation`.
```
